Add `<FileTree>` component (#1308)
withastro/starlight: docs/src/content/docs/guides/components.mdx

import importedCode from '/src/env.d.ts?raw';

<Code code={importedCode} lang="ts" title="src/env.d.ts" />

### FileTree

Use the `<FileTree>` component to display a file tree in your documentation representing the structure of a directory.

> A `<FileTree>` requires an [unordered Markdown list](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#unordered-lists) of files and directories.
> Directories can either end with a `/` or contain a nested list of files and directories.

Reviewer: Suggesting a small rewrite here to flip the order to start with “user needs” rather than the more passive “component needs”.

```suggestion
Specify the structure of your files and directories with an [unordered Markdown list](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#unordered-lists) inside `<FileTree>`.
Create a sub-directory using a nested list or add a `/` to the end of a list item to render it as a directory without specific content.
```

The following syntax can be used to customize the appearance of the file tree:

> - If a file or directory name is bolded, e.g. `**README.md**`, it will be highlighted in the file tree.
> - Comments can be appended after a file or directory name to provide additional information.
> - Placeholder files and directories can be added by using either `...` or `…` as the name.

Reviewer: Same principle here, start with the goal and follow with the how:

```suggestion
- Highlight a file or directory by making its name bold, e.g. `**README.md**`.
- Add a comment to a file or directory by adding more text after the name.
- Add placeholder files and directories by using either `...` or `…` as the name.
```
